>> Scott Moss: Now that's hooked up,
we are ready to make GraphQL queries and
mutations and all those things.
Any questions on this?
>> Scott Moss: No, pretty sure?
Yes, Mark.
>> Mark: Well,
there's a few Next.js questions like
why are there parentheses around
the dashboard directories?
>> Scott Moss: These?
Boy, okay.
So if you wanna learn more about Next.js,
highly recommend taking the Next.js as
courses we have in front of masters,
I cover a lot of this stuff.
And then also in the upcoming one
with intermediate Next.js that we'll
be teaching later.
But in short, these parentheses are, so
a folder in App.js is a route, okay?
So if I have API,
now I have my URL slash API.
If I have a folder called AUTH,
it'll be my URL slash AUTH.
But if I put parentheses around it,
it doesn't add a route segment.
So now, by having parentheses around it,
there's no such thing as slash off.
So why would I add this folder here?
The only reason you would add a folder of
a parentheses and Next.js app directory,
is because there's more than one route in
there and you need them to share a layout,
but you don't want to
create a new URL segment.
So in this case, I want to be able to
go to slash sign in and slash sign up,
and they share the exact same layout.
And I don't want it to be slash AUTH slash
sign up or slash AUTH slash sign in,
which is gross, so
I put parentheses around AUTH so
it doesn't get included in the URL, but
I can still give them a common layout.
That is the only reason, yes.
>> Mark: Are the assumptions
about our understanding of SSR,
server components and caching and
next relevant for this course, or
are we skipping that stuff on purpose?
>> Scott Moss: We are 100%
skipping that stuff on purpose.
We are in client land only.
We're doing full client react SSR, and
server components has nothing
to do with any of this.
I think server components completely
breaks people's mental models on
how you actually get data.
I looked at the documentation
on like Urkel and Apollo and
a lot of them are like, this is how you do
GraphQL queries with server components.
But I still can't reconcile why you
would ever do it in the first place,
when you can just go
straight to the database.
Why would you even make a network
requests, leave the network,
come back into the same network just to
get the data when you're already there?
If you want the type safety, I get it,
but you can just make a database request.
It makes sense if your GraphQL API was
on a third party, hosted somewhere else,
obviously you have to do that.
But in our example, it doesn't make sense.
So I still think there's
a lot of patterns there and
I don't wanna push my strong opinions yet,
but
also it is just quite confusing if you've
never dealt with server components.
And then SSR,
that's just a hard topic to understand.
They make it seem so easy, but I don't
think anyone really understands what's
actually happening on SSR, so yeah,
we're just avoiding all of that, and
we're just gonna do straight
up client side react.
But choosing Next.js because if you
go to the React documentation or
getting started, the very first
thing they say is Donald Next.js.
So that's what we're doing Next.js
because react recommends you use Next.js
for react.
>> Mark: The handle sign in
function doesn't have a type?
When do you use types versus not?
>> Scott Moss: That's a great question.
When do I use types versus not?
I'm not the right person to ask because
I don't like using types at all.
I want them done for me,
but I don't wanna do them.
So, [LAUGH] [COUGH] I just want them done.
So really, my number one use case for
GPT is types.
So I'll just go and like GPT fig types
do the types cuz I don't wanna make them
because it seems like a waste of time, but
man, when they're there, they're so nice.
So yeah, you'll see me not
doing types in some places, but
then in some other places
I'll do the types.
So there's no wrong answer or
types cuz they are always optional.
You can ignore them.
So I guess the question is
always do the types, but
sometimes doing the types ain't fun.
So, there it is.
>> Mark: Assuming
a microservice architecture,
what would be the advantage of having
a GraphQL layer instead of just
calling the microservice API
directly from the Next.js app?
>> Scott Moss: Assuming a microservice
architecture, what would be the benefit of
having GraphQL versus just calling
the microservices from the API?
A lot of the benefits would be obvious
when you do server side GraphQL.
So, if you had a SLA,
a microservice oriented architecture,
then that means you have smaller services,
like instead of having like
a route that handles water resource,
you might have a whole service,
a whole API on its own that
handles a specific resource.
It might even have its own database.
GraphQL is helpful in that regard, because
each one of those servers has their
own protocol on how you retrieve data.
They could be using GraphQL.
They could be using REST.
The types that come back are different.
How you authenticate might be different,
depends on how you set it up.
GraphQL will orchestrate all
of that into one schema.
So you'll just have one main schema,
that is aware of all the micro services
and the types of data they return.
So when you're on the front end and
you're writing code, or if you're just any
client querying that API, you won't
even know that when you're asking for
a user and you're asking for
the user's settings and
then their profile that that's coming
from three different microservices,
because GraphQL can combine
them all into one schema.
So when you make your query,
you're getting back that data and
all you have to do is make one query
on the front end, but on the back end,
the way it's resolved, we'll be
talking to all those microservices.
So it's really great for abstracting
a way all the different microservices
you might have into a trusted-typed
schema in which it is completely
abstracted away from
the person on the front end.
They don't know, this one field on
this query can come from Stripe,
this other field next to it can
come from another microservice.
This field over here could come
directly from this database.
And the person on
the front end has no idea.
So in that regard,
it's quite useful, because,
yeah, GraphQL doesn't care
where your data comes from.
Yes.
>> Mark: How did you set the headers
in the next config for access control?
How do you debug it to get the state
from the default settings?
>> Scott Moss: What was
the question again?
>> Mark: Setting the AUTH headers
in the config, The AUTH headers.
>> Scott Moss: These are just cores so
they're specifically talking
about the next config.
This is course, this is me basically
setting up Cross-Origin Resource Sharing.
You don't really need this for
this course.
The reason I added this is because
that Star Wars API that we were using,
you can actually put whatever URL you
want in there, you can put your localhost
URL in there, and you can explore it,
but only if your API has CORS enabled.
So I enabled Cores so
I can load it up in another app, but
since then I actually figured out
how to embed that into our app,
so we don't need to do that, and
that's what I was gonna show next.
But yeah, this is Cores,
it's not authorization,
Cores is basically something
a browser would do.
It's called a preflight check, so before
you make a request to a server, something
like a browser will go check that server
with an options request to like, hey,
this client is trying to send you
a request, what do you allow?
And the server has to respond
back with these headers,
these are the things that I allow.
I allow these things.
So any origin, I allow these methods and
these headers and
then the browser we get that back and
be like, okay, cool.
Based on what the client is asking and
what the server allows,
I'll allow it, here's your request.
So sometimes if you go in your browser,
you'll see two requests for
every one request you do, and that first
one is always like, it says options.
That's what this is.
This is the server
allowing that to happen.
In production, unless you have an API
that developers are consuming,
if it's just like some internal API,
you probably don't wanna have chorus,
you probably wanna limit it to just the
URL in which your client is coming from.
But obviously, if you have mobile or
something like that,
that's not gonna work.